maze/readme.md, before:

# Bugs
- Win and game over screens are not centered
- It happens that you can trick walls
- Ghosts are supposed to pulsate in opacity, but this seems to not work.
- Ghosts are not designed to walk through walls, but because they are ghosts I have let this bug become a feature.

# Missing implementations
- Restart button, or ability to restart the game.
- Music and game sounds
- Animations must be created (HappyAction / HappyAction)
- A score system
- Different characters
- Read a maze from SVG for player to play on
- Automatically create a maze by random hitting a button.
- Implement a ghost factory that outputs a n numer of ghosts depending of level hardness

# Sources:
- Background music, Sky Walker - Epic Wild Western Music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnGCmZkh7n4
- Vector math: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/check-if-two-given-line-segments-intersect/

# How to install prerequisites and run this game.
This game is developed in Visual Studio Code with the following extensions:
- "Extension Pack for Java" 
- "Maven for Java." 
- "Debugger for java"
- "Test runner for Java"

Visual Studio Code is free and can be found here: https://code.visualstudio.com/download
Extensions are found and installed in the "Extensions" submenu.

Java 20 SDK was used during the development of this game and is needed to run it:
- https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#java20


Java FX 20 SDK was used during the development of this game and it is needed to run it:
- https://gluonhq.com/products/javafx/

Remember set JAVA_HOME, PATH_TO_FX and PATH environment variables, for instance:
JAVA_HOME=C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-20
PATH_TO_FX=C:\Program Files\Java\javafx-sdk-20
PATH+=C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-20\bin

Commit message:

Can now restart the game

maze/readme.md, after:

# Instructions
- Reach the heart with the lowest possible moves and highest possible character life left.
- Hit the H key to show high scores.

# Bugs
- Highscore screen, Win screen and game over screens are not centered.
- It happens that you can trick walls
- Ghosts are supposed to pulsate in opacity, but this seems to not work.
- Ghosts are not designed to walk through walls, but because they are ghosts I have let this bug become a feature.

# Missing implementations
- Music and game sounds
- Animations must be created (HappyAction / HappyAction)
- A score system
- Different characters
- Read a maze from SVG for player to play on
- Automatically create a maze by random hitting a button.
- Implement a ghost factory that outputs a n numer of ghosts depending of level hardness

# Sources:
- Background music, Sky Walker - Epic Wild Western Music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnGCmZkh7n4
- Vector math: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/check-if-two-given-line-segments-intersect/

# How to install prerequisites and run this game.
This game is developed in Visual Studio Code with the following extensions:
- "Extension Pack for Java" 
- "Maven for Java" 
- "Debugger for java"
- "Test runner for Java"

Visual Studio Code is free and can be found here: https://code.visualstudio.com/download
Extensions are found and installed in the "Extensions" submenu.

Java 20 SDK was used during the development of this game and is needed to run it:
- https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#java20


Java FX 20 SDK was used during the development of this game and it is needed to run it:
- https://gluonhq.com/products/javafx/

Remember set JAVA_HOME, PATH_TO_FX and PATH environment variables, for instance:
JAVA_HOME=C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-20
PATH_TO_FX=C:\Program Files\Java\javafx-sdk-20
PATH+=C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-20\bin

In Visual Studio Code select the App.java file and run it.
